Splendid baiting, sir. I deem it a full set of eights.
                -- Joshua Crawford, SSB Facebook page
%
Now I am become Death, the destroyer of worlds.
                -- J. Robert Oppenheimer, one of the fathers of the atomic bomb,
                   quoting the Bhagavad Gita, a Hindu religious text
%
Sokka: "Rocky."
[cough heard in the distance]
Sokka: "You know, because of all the rocks."
Katara: "We're gonna keep trying but that is a good backup."
                -- Avatar: The Last Airbender S1E05
%
Considering how this show turned out, and how many of its existing fans reacted
to it, I think it's pretty safe to say that ZUN made the proper decision. And I
think it's pretty worrisome if all this makes a drunken man who can't even get
human anatomy correct after nearly a decade seem like Albert fucking Einstein.
                -- MarlyTT in their review of the KanColle anime on MyAnimeList
%
We don't make mistakes; we have happy accidents.
                -- Bob Ross, on his show The Joy of Painting S21E01
%
Yes.
                -- Henry V, Act IV, Scene 1, line 1899
%
(;_;)7
                -- Big Boss at the Boss's grave, MGS3
%
Be yourself. If you're actually a cunt though, you should work on changing that.
                -- Charlie Yang, EG Dota 2 manager
%
It's in theaters now! Coming this summer...

Two brothers. In a van. And then a meteor hit. And they ran as fast as they
could. From giant cat-monsters. And then a giant tornado came. And that's
when things got knocked into twelfth gear...

A Mexican... armada shows up. With weapons made from to- tomatoes. And you
better betch'ur bottom dollar that these two brothers know how to handle
business.

In! 'Alien... Invasion Tomato Monster Mexican Armada Brothers... Who Are Just
Regular Brothers Running... in a Van from an Asteroid and All Sorts of
Things: The Movie'.

Hold on! There's more. Old women are comin'! And they're also in the movie and
they're gonna come...and cross...attack...these two brothers. But let's get
back to the brothers because they're- they have a strong bond! You don't wanna
know about it here, but I'll tell you one thing.

The Moon. It comes crashing into Earth! And whaddaya do then? It's two brothers
and a- and- and they're gonna- it's called 'Two Brothers' ...'Two
Brothers'... it's just called 'Two Brothers'! [breaks off laughing]

                -- Rick and Morty, S1E08 'Rixty Minutes'
%
What's a "meme"?
                -- Shiki Misaki, The World Ends With You
